hello everyone welcome back to let's
play playstation doom I'm Ultima man toy
we are on level 27 unruly this is that
map that's notoriously short in episode
4 for some unknown reason it's not even
that hard it's the easiest map in the
episode of course you can choose to go
this way but instead we're gonna go over
here and we're gonna use this green
switch
several times might ahead first things
first we're gonna run over here grab
this I don't remember where that
teleport takes you I just remember and
taking this one is the better idea what
am i doing using that chain gun I'm
curious if they left it in this version
or not
again rockets are really really useful
here
but we're not going to the Red Door just
yet we're gonna hop back down here get
your chain gun out all the way through
pick that up
and yes this is how you actually get up
there you can run back through here I
can't remember there's like there's one
somewhere I guess I won't I can't tell
in this version which one it is but
there's one that also lowers somewhere
here and I think I may be in yeah there
we go things I did not show in the PC
version congratulations new content
now unlike the PC version they did
actually fix these guys
we're gonna switch the shotgun here
yeah they actually fixed some of the
enemies I know right it's like weird or
something
I was a good hit
it's a good head but that doesn't mean
you can sit here like your cavities
develop I've got to take them out
through your eyeball the most
unconventional way possible but I got to
take them out it's still short and it's
still pretty damn easy I don't have
anything at all to add here how's your
day
mine's good I had work which slowed I
got some stuff done there and
then I came home and I took a nap and
then I started to record this I can talk
about whatever the fuck I want at the
end of these videos I really have
nothing else to say about this map that
I didn't say in the PC version I will
see you all in the next map map 28 unto
the cruel
I'm Altima man toyed and this is let's
play PlayStation do until next time take
care and have fun